**Generated tidyData.csv structure**
  
column.name | class
---|---
SubjectID | integer
Activity | factor
tBodyAcc-mean()-X | numeric
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y | numeric
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z | numeric
tBodyAcc-std()-X | numeric
tBodyAcc-std()-Y | numeric
tBodyAcc-std()-Z | numeric
tGravityAcc-mean()-X | numeric
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y | numeric
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z | numeric
tGravityAcc-std()-X | numeric
tGravityAcc-std()-Y | numeric
tGravityAcc-std()-Z | numeric
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X | numeric
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y | numeric
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z | numeric
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X | numeric
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y | numeric
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z | numeric
tBodyGyro-mean()-X | numeric
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y | numeric
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z | numeric
tBodyGyro-std()-X | numeric
tBodyGyro-std()-Y | numeric
tBodyGyro-std()-Z | numeric
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X | numeric
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y | numeric
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z | numeric
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X | numeric
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y | numeric
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z | numeric
tBodyAccMag-mean() | numeric
tBodyAccMag-std() | numeric
tGravityAccMag-mean() | numeric
tGravityAccMag-std() | numeric
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean() | numeric
tBodyAccJerkMag-std() | numeric
tBodyGyroMag-mean() | numeric
tBodyGyroMag-std() | numeric
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() | numeric
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std() | numeric
fBodyAcc-mean()-X | numeric
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y | numeric
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z | numeric
fBodyAcc-std()-X | numeric
fBodyAcc-std()-Y | numeric
fBodyAcc-std()-Z | numeric
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X | numeric
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y | numeric
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z | numeric
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X | numeric
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y | numeric
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z | numeric
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X | numeric
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y | numeric
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z | numeric
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-X | numeric
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Y | numeric
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Z | numeric
fBodyGyro-mean()-X | numeric
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y | numeric
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z | numeric
fBodyGyro-std()-X | numeric
fBodyGyro-std()-Y | numeric
fBodyGyro-std()-Z | numeric
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-X | numeric
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Y | numeric
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Z | numeric
fBodyAccMag-mean() | numeric
fBodyAccMag-std() | numeric
fBodyAccMag-meanFreq() | numeric
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean() | numeric
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std() | numeric
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq() | numeric
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean() | numeric
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std() | numeric
fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq() | numeric
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() | numeric
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std() | numeric
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq() | numeric
angle(tBodyAccMean,gravity) | numeric
angle(tBodyAccJerkMean),gravityMean) | numeric
angle(tBodyGyroMean,gravityMean) | numeric
angle(tBodyGyroJerkMean,gravityMean) | numeric
angle(X,gravityMean) | numeric
angle(Y,gravityMean) | numeric
angle(Z,gravityMean) | numeric
